♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first,
slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you
in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you no matter
the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Tan LIngyin returns to Phoenix Mountain;
Zheng Shaofeng figures out Zhou Zhengdao's secret]
It's currently county office working hours. Sir Tang,
you are a salaried official so you shouldn't disappoint the imperial court.
Don't go.
What?
You're already here, so let's not waste time.
Sit.
What are you doing?
Dissecting you.
Are you crazy?
What are you doing? Even if you want to break up, you don't need to use a knife!
[Mortuary]
If you want to be with Jiang Muchun, you can just go!
Isn't this how it's written in your stories?
You can marry whoever you want. On your wedding day, I'll be sure to send you my blessings.
"Wishing you a loving and lasting marriage; A harmonious relationship makes every day blossom."
How about that?
You wrote in your stories that you have to dissect their heart in order to truly understand them.
Don't raise a knife when you're saying sweet things.
Whatever, I'll teach you next time. I'm leaving.
The moon is really round tonight.
Really?
It is!
What are you doing?
Lo-Lo-Lo-Looking at the moon.
♫ I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
It's only because you wanted me to look, not that I wanted to stay.
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
The moon is so beautiful tonight. Let's not waste it.
What else?
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
I won't kiss someone else's man.
Are you jealous of others?
Others?
What others? Do you not know their names? Others, others, others, who are the others?
Jiang Muchun. She approached us with a motive.
Before finding out her motive, you can't be careless.
What motive can she have? Isn't it just to marry you?
It's not that simple. Other than the emperor,
nobody knows that Tang Feilong is Tang Tianyuan. How does she know?
Also, why did she appear right at this time?
It's probably because she asked the emperor. She's your fiancée after all.
A fiancée should be waiting at home for her lover to return.
There's no way she doesn't understand this concept.
So what? She probably couldn't wait.
Plus, who says women have to be passive and just wait?
You're taking her side?
Jiang Muchun is good at everything. Everyone in the county office likes her.
What about me? I can't do anything and I only cause trouble. How can I compare to her?
If you keep talking, I'm going to change my mind.
It's true.
Jiang Muchun likes you and I'm not in a position to make her stay away from you.
On this matter, you also have to decide for yourself.
I also don't know how to stay calm when I'm facing you two.
So I think we should separate for a while.
Until you've thought it through.
I was joking!
Think about it.
Don't even think about standing on both boats!
(T/N: two-timing)
You said Miss Ruyi was abandoned.
Then... Then how did she become your younger cousin?
This...
My father pitied her so he took her in.
But he was afraid that Aunt would be upset so he left her to be raised by another family.
He would only send money, clothes, and food regularly.
Her late father that she mentioned... is that her adoptive father?
She grew up as a beggar.
She's so pitiful. So pitiful.
Head Constable Zheng.
Head Constable Zheng!
You can't eat this, it's for Miss Ruyi.
Whatever.
Look at this.
This... was supposed
to be eaten by Miss Ruyi and me while we enjoyed the moonlight.
It's a shame that it's useless now.
Help me throw it away.
Who uses stir-fried chili and meat as a filling?
But I still need to thank you.
This is the first time someone made mooncakes for me.
Sorry, this is the last time.
Duan Feng! Duan Feng, I'm here!
Duan Feng?
Why is the door open?
Who cares.
Duan Feng, I brought good wine and meat.
Wake up!
Duan Feng... Duan Feng, are you dead? Duan Feng!
- You...
- I haven't married you yet, I can't die.
Liar. You can't die before telling me.
What did you bring?
The good wine and meat you wanted. Can you tell me now?
Guards, Adviser Tan's going to take Duan Feng and escape!
Block them! Don't let them escape.
- W-What's the meaning of this?
- Let's go!
Where are we going?
They're already claim that I've escaped. If I stay, then won't I be wrongly accused?
Let's go. Hurry, hurry, hurry!
I didn't unlock the door. Let's go back quickly!
Go back and let them capture me?
If we don't go back, then we really will be guilty of breaking out.
Idiot. Can't you tell that someone's trying to harm you? Hold on tight.
Listen to me! If we go and find Sir Tang now, he'll have a solution.
Does the county office belong solely to Sir Tang?
Where is he? What's going on?
This morning, right after changing shifts,
I was knocked out by someone from behind.
When I woke up, I bumped into Adviser Tan and Duan Feng escaping,
then they took the horses and left.
Head Constable Zheng, it really wasn't me being careless.
Tongling has always been peaceful.
I never thought this would happen.
Tongling is the least peaceful place. You should shut your mouth.
This lock... was opened by a key.
Recently, only Adviser Tan frequently comes to the prison.
Also, she...
Also, she brought a key.
- Have you seen Zhou Zhengdao?
- No.
Head Constable Zheng!
Zhou Zhengdao, come out!
Who is it? Miss Ruyi?
What's all this commotion this morning?
Your adviser took Duan Feng away.
Oh no, she was taken by Duan Feng.
Get your words straight before speaking.
Look at the time!  Why are you still caring about this!
Hurry, get your horse and people, and go!
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
- Hurry!
- Scram!
Hurry! Hurry!
Chase them!
Hurry, chase them!
Did you wash your hands? They stink.
Is there time to talk about this right now?
I just saved your life.
Do you know who knocked you out? Was it the guards?
Someone drugged my food. They probably wanted to silence me after I escaped.
Luckily, you came to deliver food,
so they could coincidentally implicate you in this mess.
This way, I'm a fugitive and you're an accomplice. Neither of us can escape.
Did you offend any gangs?
What gangs? I am the gang.
Someone must've been unhappy that I was caught in your hands and wanted me dead.
What did you actually do?
I'm just a bandit committing a crime. Do the authorities need to make such a deliberate plan?
I think that this has something to do with the gold mine case.
You were still saying that you know nothing about the gold mine case. Let's just go and find Sir Tang.
Why can't you understand? Tang Feilong won't listen to me.
But he would listen to me.
Hey!
Hero Duan, get out of the way!
- Hurry!
- Get on!
Move away! Move away!
Oh, you're a hero?
I've been around in the pugilistic world, just robbing from the rich and giving to the poor.
It's their casual nickname for me.
What are you going to do now? You can't keep running, Hero Duan.
I'm already used to it, but you have to get used to it.
Once we get up the mountain, I'll tell you everything.
Really? You've said it so don't trick me!
- Why would I trick you?
- Stop!
Tang Tianyuan.
A good dog doesn't block the way. Hurry and move aside.
I will think about keeping her alive.
If you hurt her even a little,
I won't let you leave here alive.
Let's see which is faster: your arrow or my sword.
Do you get any benefits from killing her?
Do I get any benefits from staying in your prison?
I would rather have a quick death,
- and have this woman accompany me on the way.
- Don't you dare!
See if I dare or not.
I'm just afraid that you won't bear the pain of being separated from your lover forever.
Am I right?
Hurry up and get me three thousand taels.
If anyone tries to block me, I'll kill your adviser immediately.
You won't bear to do that.
What?
Didn't we agree that we would be a fairytale couple?
We would spend our lives together happily
and have a bunch of kids?
Are you crazy?
Yes! I'm lovesick for you. It's incurable.
Sir Tang, please give us our freedom.
Tan Lingyin, what are you saying?
True love is found only in adversity.
I now know that Duan Feng is my one true love.
I will follow him and dissect his heart. Did you hear that?
Dissect my heart!
Dissect his heart!
Move aside and let them go.
[Be of good virtue and diligent]
Sir, it's getting dark. Here's a lamp.
If you have something to say, go ahead.
Sir,
Adviser Tan has found her love. This time,
she left with him willingly.
Sir, you should let her go, too.
Bandits are prevailing in Tongling. The gold mine case is complicated and unpredictable.
If Sir Jiang really loves you,
he wouldn't tell you to stay by my side and get into this mess.
This letter explains everything clearly.
I believe that Sir Jiang will definitely understand.
Sir, are you kicking me out?
The carriage is ready. You can leave anytime.
Why can't you understand my feelings?
This is the jade bracelet you gave me when you were younger.
Since I put it on, I've been unwilling to take it off.
Even if I had innumerable jewels, they cannot compare to it.
When I wear it, it's as if you are always with me.
I know... that you definitely care for me.
It's just temporary...
You've temporarily been seduced by another woman so you can't think clearly.
It's okay.
Why are you bothered if I'm not even bothered?
I wasn't the one who gave this bracelet to you.
Sir, do you not remember?
This is what you gave me when we were young, after we fell in love at first sight.
Old Madam specifically had this pair of jade accessories made for us.
One piece is your jade pendant, the other is my jade bracelet.
This piece of jade was found by my mother.
It is uncommonly clear, so it was made into this pendant of mine.
But...
she made a decision without my authority
and without my knowledge
to make and give you this bracelet.
Are you saying
that this bracelet was from Old Madam?
It can't be.
This was given to me by Xi Hulu at that time.
It definitely represents your intentions.
Xi Hulu is someone who runs errands for the Tang family.
He's not very bright and he doesn't speak clearly.
If it's...
because of his mistake that made you misunderstand,
I'll apologize on his behalf.
Also...
My heart already belongs to another.
If all this time, you've been ruminating about this jade pendant,
then you can have it.
I don't want it.
I don't want it!
[Miaosheng Restaurant]
You're awake?
I was just patrolling on the street and when I turned my head,
I happened to see you snoring on the street.
No matter how bad it is being here in Zhu Dacong's place, it's still better than being on the street.
I... was affected by the wind and got dizzy.
I went out for a walk just now. Maybe I fainted.
Don't worry.
Zhao Xia changed your clothes and Xi He cleaned you up.
I've been watching you all afternoon.
Why don't you make some space for me and let me lie down for a bit?
I'm so sleepy.
Fine, I'll lie here then.
Zheng Shaofeng...
In the future, you have to tell me
if there's anything wrong. Do you hear me?
I... I'm a bit sleepy. I want to sleep a little longer.
Sleep then.
[Meet in the backyard at midnight]
[Phoenix Village]
He's back! Brothers! Boss is back!
Brothers! Let's wish eternal happiness
for our boss and his wife!
- Eternal happiness!
Happiness, my foot! Shut up!
[Courage and loyalty]
My brothers, I'm very touched that
you didn't disperse but waited for my return while I was in trouble.
I'm also touched that you didn't rush down the mountain and break me out of prison.
What touched me the most...
is this woman.
- Let's go, let's go!
- Stop hanging about.
Let's go! Stop hanging around.
Let's go! Let's go!
Why are you touching me when we can talk properly?
Don't forget what you promised me.
You've been working at the county office for some time already, haven't you?
Why are you still so naive? What happened in prison was one thing.
Of course, things are different now that we're in my territory.
Don't tell me you... still want to leave the mountain easily?
What do you mean?
Do you trust me?
No.
Then don't blame me for forcing you to swear to the heavens.
What are you doing?
[Courage and loyalty]
I, Duan Feng...
- Say your name.
- No.
I'll kill you if you don't.
I won't even if you do.
You, Tan Lingyin!
Stop playing, okay? I can't marry you.
From today onwards, we will be sworn brothers!
We will care for each other in life and death; share wealth and misfortune; Heaven and Earth are our witnesses.
I was able to return thanks to you this time.
I grew up in the pugilistic world so I repay my debts.
Since you're not willing to marry me, then we'll become sworn brothers.
I'll give you a big present in celebration of our new brotherhood.
Boss.
[Miaosheng Restaurant]
Three months is almost over. Are we still running this restaurant?
No matter how many Miaosheng Restaurants we open,
my wife's true heart will not be given in return.
Boss, I think the wind is getting stronger.
It's a sign that my wife is thinking of me.
Our Madam recently found a rare jade.
One half was made into a pendant and the other half into a bracelet.
The pendant has been taken by our young master.
Xi Hulu is just an errand boy for the Tang family.
He's not sharp. If his mistake caused you any misunderstanding...
I saved you...
Yet you hurt me.
Do I have to make you go through some pain
so you can know who truly loves you?
Xue Li, what are you doing?
Sir's hand was bitten by a bug. I'm going to treat his bite.
Xue Li.
Miss Jiang, did you call me?
[Miaosheng Restaurant]
It sounded so good.
Ruyi, have you heard the story about Boqi consuming dreams?
(T/N: Boqi is a mythical creature)
Legend says that the beast Boqi loves to eat nightmares.
Children don't have nightmares when Boqi is by their side.
I made a new scent packet for you.
Boqi is embroidered on it.
You won't have nightmares if you keep it with you day and night.
Ruyi, I'm serious.
I can protect you.
You can also rely on me.
I'm not sleeping!
It's me, not Sir.
The nights are cooler as autumn approaches. You need to wear more layers when on night duty.
Is Sir Tang asleep?
Not yet. I just helped him apply his medicine.
[Tongling County Office]
Sir.
Sir... Tan Baba needs to eat.
You have to eat, too. You haven't eaten anything today.
I'm not hungry. You can go and eat.
That won't do. Adviser left clear instructions before she left.
The three meals a day need to be organized clearly for you.
I wonder if Adviser Tan... has eaten yet.
What happened to your hand?
The weather has been so hot lately, so there are a lot of mosquitoes.
Xiang Gua and Xue Li have helped me apply ointment already.
Sir, do you think...
Sir!
Help! Sir has fainted!
Sir! Sir! What happened to you?
Sir! Sir!
Adviser! Adviser, save me! Hurry and save me! I'm going to die!
He was being suspicious in our mountains!
Tan Lingyin, is this what you mean by sincerity? You sent a spy over?
No, I didn't. Xi Hulu, what are you doing here?
Adviser, Sir is in trouble. He fainted.
What?
Sir is going to die! What am I going to do?
That's great! You can regret your decision now to avoid becoming a widow.
Shut up!
Tell me.
- He was fine when I left.
- I also don't know why.
Sir just fainted suddenly.
I'm afraid he won't make it so I came here to look for you.
- Where are you going?
- I'm going to find him!
I knew you came here under a pretense! Tell me the truth. Why did you come?
I purposely told him to let us go.
It was to get close to you and gain your trust.
What's the point of earning a bandit's trust?
Whether or not we can successfully solve the gold case depends on you.
I know that you don't want to hurt me.
Otherwise, there would be a bunch of constables here today.
Let me ask you. Do you really trust him?
Okay, go.
Thank you.
But can you do me another favor?
If I help, does that mean I can choose whether you give me
ten thousand pieces of gold, luxury mansions, or beautiful women?
There's no gold, luxury mansions, or beautiful women.
Then, what benefit do I get?
Justice and fairness. The refugees who died wrongly can rest in peace.
Go!
- Adviser, you're back.
- Adviser.
This person... I've seen him before.
Where was it again?
Sir! Sir!
You scared me.
What's going on?
Why are you back?
Xi Hulu said you fainted so I didn't feel like acting anymore. Does it hurt?
Please could this masked hero put down my carved Ruyao vase.
How are you sick? To me, you are still as annoying as ever.
Du-Duan Feng?
Don't get excited. I just came to take a look. I'm leaving soon.
What did the doctor say?
The doctor said that somebody missed you so much he got sick.
Talk properly.
He was overworked and overly anxious.
What else?
It's nothing serious. They're just exaggerating. Don't worry.
Which quack told you that you worked too much?
Do you constantly experience numbness and spasms in your arms?
Also, do you often feel that your body is not within your control?
I swear to the heavens, I didn't say it.
This kind of poison is called strychnine. It's also known as Qianji poison.
Sir, did you touch anything dirty with your hands?
This is it. Sang Jie used this to kill the refugees.
Sir, it looks like someone wants to kill you without anyone noticing.
Where did you get this medicine?
Xue Li has been with me since childhood. She wouldn't poison me.
You two should leave first.
I want to have a private chat with this doctor.
[Long day]
Brother Zhou!
Where is he?
The books have been organized, bring them to Sir Tang later.
All right.
Also, does our county office require any purchases recently? Bring those over, too.
- All right, no problem.
- Okay.
Head Constable Zheng.
I waited for you for a long time. Let's go now.
Those who were involved in mining were mostly refugees.
Everyone's neck was marked with an ink tattoo.
So you're also a refugee. How did you escape?
Old Tie was Sang Jie's housekeeper and the one responsible for hiding the gold.
He told me Sang Jie would kill us.
So we decided to take a chance and run away with the gold.
My mission was to lead the refugees who survived
to the mountains before Sang Jie noticed and form a gang.
Then find an opportunity to save Old Tie?
Where is this person?
Sir.
Sir, I'm here to apply medicine for you.
This county office is truly different. Even servants are this pretty.
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world,
hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫  The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets,
I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song  ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier
after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows,
too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song. ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫